File Creation: 6/4/2025
This will serve to update the status of the project under Izabella Valero.
No photo display will be projected here. 
All updates must be dated and recorded with time stamps and data inclusion.
Projected timeline of current work and future timeline of new work is suggested. 

Wednesday 6/4/2025 12:18 PM
Updates to the GitHub to include new algorithms and the worlds used for the completed analysis.
Updates to the OneDrive to include new video and material being used.
The papers collected for references need to be searched for complex obstacles so they can be replicated.
Completion of the maze is projected for tomorrow.
A new section for the overleaf will be drafted and added today.

Thursday 6/5/2025 10:00 AM
Running new algorithm on a few existing maps and recording the times

Friday 6/6/2025 5:26 PM
Running new algorithm on the rest of the existing maps and recording the times => encounter of wrong turn on trap maze. need to reevaluate
continue building the maze.

Monday 6/9/2025 3:58 PM
Cleaning data file for sharing with Nadia.

Tuesday 6/10/2025 11:43 AM
Work on building the maze.
Working maze thanks to the help of Andris.
Maze map now available; needed to add shape w/ transform w/ cadshape to the .obj file created through CAD.

Wednesday 8:32 AM
Maze map failing physics. Current Readjustment.....

UPDATES MOVED TO OVERLEAF

Now converting to a log of completed tasks
Monday 1PM-10PM
Successful merge of Andres branch and Izabella Branch
Run times recorded for Easy Maps
Seems to be issue with some of the m-line algorithms not detecting m-line, need to debug
Medium Maps ran, lots of issues with maps. Narrow spaces, hard to move easily for robot. 
Overleaf updated to have description of maps
All code updated:
Initialization files are all the same. Number of comments reduced. Moved all functions used in the algorithm files to exist in the initialization files.
Algorithm files had comment reduction. Edited all code to ensure debugging print statements are commented out unless needed and descriptions of code is shorter.
Algorithms ran again on Easy Map 1. Error on the AltComboBug.
Fixed Error on AltComboBug. Needed to tighten the turns. Corner_turn_speed updated to 12 on all algorithms.
Rerun of all algorithms with same turn style.
